What about Qin Shiyu?
Qin Shi Qin Qin Shi Yu
Why does everyone come in and ask him first?
What!
I'm jealous, don't I eat face?
Jealous, I wish you could get married quickly
Hahaha
From now on, you will be my woman
Wei Bin
What are you doing? Do you see who I am?
Do you see who I am?
Hahaha, I didn't drink too much.
Of course I know who you are
You are my most beloved Xuan Xuan
Just come now?
Disappeared in the city?
This is not your arrangement.
Brother, do you want me to find him?
But now Ji Linchuan went first
If Ji Linchuan abandons us because of him, we will have nothing
I have a way to make Ji Linchuan have to marry you
How?
You bore him a child
I never thought of this way.
Rislin has never touched me since wearing it.
How do I give birth to him?
Can't I just let you have one? You're crazy.
Will this work?
If you think about it, you will inherit and continue to inherit the property in the future
But our children will have their mother and everything by then.
You will not lose anything in this matter of win-win cooperation.
At least today is right
Although there are other words
But not through this good time